Create Bug/Feature report and PR template (#546)
saros-project/saros: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: 'State: Unconfirmed, Type: Bug'
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

> 

Reviewer: Requesting that the user attach the log files (Saros log and possibly IDE log) of a session in which the error appeared would be very important in my opinion.

Author: Where can I find the IntelliJ logs and the Saros/I logs?

Reviewer: The different log locations are described [here](https://www.saros-project.org/releases/saros-i_0.1.0.html#report-a-bug).

Author: I added the information, but I am not sure whether the template became a bit crowded with information and we should rather link this information.

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: 'State: Unconfirmed, Type: Bug'
assignees: m273d15 

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Log files**

> Please provide the corresponding log files, but **think of substituting sensitive data** you don't want to publish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please provide the corresponding log files, but be sure to **remove or obfuscate sensitive data** you don't want to publish.
```

> Please provide the corresponding log files, but be sure to **remove or obfuscate sensitive data** you don't want to publish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please provide the corresponding log files, but be sure to **remove or obfuscate sensitive data** you don't want to publish. Please also make sure only to include the log files concerning the session you encountered the bug in.
```

You can find the log files in the following locations:

> * IntelliJ IDEA (with default config), where `.IdeaXXXXXXXX` is the directory containing the IDE files (e.g. `.IdeaIC2019.1`).</br>

Reviewer: As this is mostly read in the editor and not displayed (as it should be removed by the user), I don't think the formatting (e.g. `<br>` or specified link references `[text](link)`) makes much sense here and just makes it harder to read.

Markings for fields (e.g. using `) is still sensible in my eyes.

> * IntelliJ IDEA (with default config), where `.IdeaXXXXXXXX` is the directory containing the IDE files (e.g. `.IdeaIC2019.1`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* IntelliJ IDEA:
  By default, the directory `.IdeaXXXXXXXX` is located in the user directory. The exact directory name is determined by your IntelliJ version, e.g. `.IdeaIC2019.1` for IntelliJ IDEA 2019.1.
```

>   See [here](https://intellij-support.jetbrains.com/hc/en-us/articles/206544519-Directories-used-by-the-IDE-to-store-settings-caches-plugins-and-logs) for more information about the location of the directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  More information about the location of the directory is given here: https://intellij-support.jetbrains.com/hc/en-us/articles/206544519-Directories-used-by-the-IDE-to-store-settings-caches-plugins-and-logs
```

>   * IDE logs - `~/.IdeaXXXXXXXX/system/log/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * IDE logs - `~/.IdeaXXXXXXXX/system/log/idea.log*`
```

>   * Saros logs - `~/.IdeaXXXXXXXX/system/log/SarosLogs/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Saros logs - `~/.IdeaXXXXXXXX/system/log/SarosLogs/`
```

>   * Saros logs - `~/.IdeaXXXXXXXX/system/log/SarosLogs/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Saros logs - `~/.IdeaXXXXXXXX/system/log/SarosLogs/*.log`
```

* Eclipse:

>   * IDE logs - `<workspace>/.metadata/.log`

Reviewer: is the file really named `.log` or should this be `*.log` as well?

Author: Yes, the name `.log` is correct
